Docs: Policy updates - removing 'Teleport Access Graph' (#43929)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-graph/self-hosted-helm.mdx

---
title: Run Teleport Policy's Access Graph feature on Self-Hosted Clusters with Helm
---

> Using Teleport Policy's Access Graph with a self-hosted Teleport cluster requires

Reviewer: This sentence feels awkward. "Using access graph requires setting up access graph" feels redundant.

Author: agreed, way too many 'access graphs'!

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v14.3.6 or later.
  - For the purposes of this guide, we assume that the Teleport cluster is set up
    [using the `teleport-cluster` Helm chart](../../deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments.mdx)
    in the same Kubernetes cluster that will be used to deploy Access Graph.
- An updated `license.pem` with Teleport Policy enabled.
- A PostgreSQL database server v14 or later.
  - Access Graph needs a dedicated [database](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createdatabase.html) to store its data.

>     The user that AG connects to the database with needs to be the owner of this database, or have similar broad permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The user that Teleport connects to the database with needs to be the owner of this database, or have similar broad permissions:
```

    at least the `CREATE TABLE` privilege on the `public` schema, and the `CREATE SCHEMA` privilege.
  - Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL is supported.
- A TLS certificate for the Access Graph service
  - The TLS certificate must be issued for "server authentication" key usage,

>     and must contain an X.509 v3 `subjectAltName` extension with the Kubernetes service name for AG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and must contain an X.509 v3 `subjectAltName` extension with the Kubernetes service name for Access Graph
```

    (<span style="white-space: nowrap;">`teleport-access-graph.teleport-access-graph.svc.cluster.local`</span> by default).

## Step 1/4. Add the Teleport Helm chart repository

(!docs/pages/kubernetes-access/helm/includes/helm-repo-add.mdx!)

## Step 2/4. Set up Access Graph

You will need a copy of your Teleport cluster's host certificate authority (CA).

> AG requires incoming connections to be authenticated via host certificates that the host CA issues to the Auth Service and Proxy Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access Graph requires incoming connections to be authenticated via host certificates that the host CA issues to the Auth Service and Proxy Service.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Then, create the namespace and required secrets for the AG deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, create the namespace and required secrets for the Access Graph deployment.
```
